all right it's a new day all that stuff
about Rachel you know feel that now it
was crazy
you're fine you're better than fine you
are as your fan Tony would say great
everything's normal
she's just your friend Rachel your
friend Rachel your friend Rachel hey
it's your girlfriend Rachel boy do I
have a surprise for you
sex on the balcony no but someone's
really not gonna get over that idea are
they what is it I drew you a bath honey
I don't like baths could you draw me a
picture of us having sex in the balcony
when I used all my best stuff III lit
some candles I put on some music
I used bath salts plus bubble bath and I
got you this little plastic Navy ship so
it's a boy bath this does butch it up a
bit I swear if you try it you will love
it all right if I do this can we at
least discuss sex on the balcony
absolutely I don't know how that
discussion is gonna go
[Music]
all right this isn't so bad
I like the flowery smell which is okay
because I've got my boat so oh my god I
told you or a bath person hey when you
get out maybe I can give you a facial
I'm gonna need a bigger boat I'm in the
bathroom can you come in here I think
there's something wrong you know what I
think I'll wait out here
I drew my own bath but I did it wrong
the water's tepid the salt didn't
dissolve and is now lodged places and
the sense I used don't complement each
other eucalyptus some chamomile
oh why the bath salts they're starting
to effervesce it's different it's
interesting yeah sure sure so what was
going on with you today what's up Joey I
know what I know I know about your
feelings oh my god you do yes and I'm
sorry I know things worked out for
Chandler and Monica but that's very rare
no I know and this is so much more
complicated than than it was for those
guys I mean it's Rachel for God's sakes
for God's sakes it's Rachel I know I
know and she's not only my friend she's
she's my pregnant friend she's my
pregnant friend who's Ross's ex yeah
that's Rachel beat me over the head with
it what am I gonna do you know I can't I
keep I keep trying to get rid of these
feelings you know I I stayed up all last
night and made a list of everything I
don't like about it you want to hear it
yeah she made me switch to light mail
that's it take the saying that my past
it better enjoy I think you're just
getting upset for nothing this is
probably just a crush you think
absolutely you know you get this rush of
feelings but then it goes away
yeah just a crush that's all this is
it's a crush I'm Joey I don't get deep
feelings happen all the time
I know I've had them for all you guys
looks after Ross and Chandler and I'm
sure you've had them for us
not really throw me a bone here
[Music]